Definitions:
    a tree is a connected undirected graph with no simple circuits
    a tree cannot have multiple edges and no self loops

Rooted Trees:   
    a rooted tree is a tree in which one vertex has been designated as the root and
    every edge is directed away from the root

Decision Trees:
    A rooted tree where each vertex represents a possible outcome of a decision and 
    the leaves represent the possible solutions of a problem 
    
level of a vertex:
    the level of a vertex in a rooted tree is the length of the unique path from the root
    to this vertex.

height of the tree:
    the height of a rooted tree is the maximum of the levels of the vertices.

m-ary Trees:
    A rooted tree is called an m-ary tree if every internal vertex has no more than m children
    The tree is called a full m-ary tree if every internal vertex has exactly m children

balanced m-ary Trees:
    a rooted m-ary tree of height h is balanced if all leaves are at levels h or h - 1

Ordered Trees:
    an ordered rooted tree is a rooted tree where the children of each internal vertex is ordered

Spanning Trees:
    Let G be a simple graph. A spanning tree of G is a subgraph of G that is a tree coontaining
    every vertex of G.

    Depth-First Search/BackTracking:

        - choose the root vertex for a rooted graph.
        - create an edge by connecting the current vertex to an incident vertex.
        - From the new vertex, repeat step 2 until you can no longer connect any vertices.
        - If all vertices have been visited, you have a spanning tree. If not, go to the
          next-to-last visited vertex to form a new path from the vertex.
        - Continue visiting the next-to-last vertex of the current vertex untill all vertices
          have been visited.

    Breadth-First Search:
        
        - choose a root vertex for a rooted graph
        - add all edges incident to that vertex. The newly connected vertices at level 1 in 
          the spanning tree.
        - From each vertex in level 1, in order, add all edges incident to the vertices that
          are not already included in the spanning tree.
        - Repeat adding levels and edges until all vertices have been visited.

Minimum spanning tree:
    A minimum spanning tree in a connected weighted graph is a spanning tree that has the smallest
    possible sum of weights of its edges

Prim's Algorithm:
    fastest and most cost effective way to traverse the whole tree

Kruskal's Algorithm:
    fastest and most cost effective way to traverse a tree but the order of the vertices is written
    from smallest value to the largest value.